---
title: Export Control Policy
description: Policies governing export control laws
author: karann-msft
ms.author: karann
ms.date: 06/27/2019
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.openlocfilehash: 4ea2d2f23a02088b54982b825a5be3c872e27c37
ms.sourcegitcommit: 39f2ae79fbbc308e06acf67ee8e24cfcdb2c831b
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: tr-TR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2019
ms.locfileid: "73611315"
---
# <a name="export-control-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-103">Export Control Policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-103">Export Control Policy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-104">The content you upload to or access from NuGet.org may be subject to U.S. export control laws, including U.S. Export Administration Regulations (the EAR).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-104">The content you upload to or access from NuGet.org may be subject to U.S. export control laws, including U.S. Export Administration Regulations (the EAR).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-105">While we have provided some information below for your convenience, you are ultimately responsible for ensuring that your use of NuGet.org and any related services complies with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export control laws, and complies with our [Terms of Use](https://www.nuget.org/policies/Terms).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-105">While we have provided some information below for your convenience, you are ultimately responsible for ensuring that your use of NuGet.org and any related services complies with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export control laws, and complies with our [Terms of Use](https://www.nuget.org/policies/Terms).</span></span>

## <a name="publicly-available-encryption-source-code"></a><span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-106">Publicly available encryption source code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-106">Publicly available encryption source code</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-107">Subject to the notification requirements described in the EAR, encryption source code classified under ECCN 5D002 is no longer subject to the EAR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-107">Subject to the notification requirements described in the EAR, encryption source code classified under ECCN 5D002 is no longer subject to the EAR.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-108">Such source code is publicly available even if it is subject to an express agreement for the payment of a licensing fee or royalty for commercial production or sale of any product developed using the source code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-108">Such source code is publicly available even if it is subject to an express agreement for the payment of a licensing fee or royalty for commercial production or sale of any product developed using the source code.</span></span>

## <a name="notification-requirement"></a><span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-109">Notification requirement</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-109">Notification requirement</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-110">As specified in the EAR (Part 742.15(b) & 734.3(b)(3)), the person or entity providing or uploading encryption source code must notify the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the ENC Encryption Request Coordinator via email of the Internet location (e.g., URL or Internet address) of the publicly available encryption source code classified under ECCN 5D002 or provide each of them a copy of the publicly available encryption source code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-110">As specified in the EAR (Part 742.15(b) & 734.3(b)(3)), the person or entity providing or uploading encryption source code must notify the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the ENC Encryption Request Coordinator via email of the Internet location (e.g., URL or Internet address) of the publicly available encryption source code classified under ECCN 5D002 or provide each of them a copy of the publicly available encryption source code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-111">If you update or modify the encryption source code, you must also provide additional copies to each of them each time the cryptographic functionality of the encryption source code is updated or modified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-111">If you update or modify the encryption source code, you must also provide additional copies to each of them each time the cryptographic functionality of the encryption source code is updated or modified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-112">In addition, if you posted the encryption source code on the Internet (e.g., via NuGet.org), you must notify BIS and the ENC Encryption Request Coordinator each time the Internet location is changed, but you are not required to notify them of updates or modifications made to the encryption source code at the previously notified location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-112">In addition, if you posted the encryption source code on the Internet (e.g., via NuGet.org), you must notify BIS and the ENC Encryption Request Coordinator each time the Internet location is changed, but you are not required to notify them of updates or modifications made to the encryption source code at the previously notified location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-113">In all instances, submit the notification or copy to crypt@bis.doc.gov and to enc@nsa.gov.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-113">In all instances, submit the notification or copy to crypt@bis.doc.gov and to enc@nsa.gov.</span></span>

## <a name="commerical-software"></a><span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-114">Commerical Software</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-114">Commerical Software</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-115">Release of publicly available source code from export control jurisdiction through the notification process described above *does not apply* to commercial software incorporating or derived from such items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-115">Release of publicly available source code from export control jurisdiction through the notification process described above *does not apply* to commercial software incorporating or derived from such items.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-116">You are solely responsible for compliance with Export Laws as applied to any commercial software incorporating or derived from source or object code hosted via NuGet.org.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-116">You are solely responsible for compliance with Export Laws as applied to any commercial software incorporating or derived from source or object code hosted via NuGet.org.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ebcd7-117">For further information on export and geographic export restrictions, please visit [Microsoft Exporting](https://www.microsoft.com/exporting).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ebcd7-117">For further information on export and geographic export restrictions, please visit [Microsoft Exporting](https://www.microsoft.com/exporting).</span></span>
